# task-2
In this task phishing email header analysis was conducted. The tools used in this are Google admin Tool box and MX Tool Box. A normal suspected mail and a potential phishing mail's headers were observed and analyzed for the red flags to prove them as safe or malicious mails.
Here, first I took a mail that is suspected to be an e-mail from illegitimate source. The details of the sender etc, were checked. It was a mail from one of the Job searching platforms, Naukri. The sender's mail address was observed, it seemed legitimate with the naukri.com source. The mail content did not have any threatening or hurried message or words like, urgent, emergency, fine, compensation, click on the link, hurry up, legal action against you, change the password etc.
The header text was copied as raw header details, as it was analyzed for any malicious activity through the header using Google admin toolbox and MX toolbox. The analysis results showed no malicious activity and it did not show any illetigimate domain source. The message was sent using SMP.
For the actual experiment, a raw email header of a phishing mail was obtained from a cybersecurity blog was observed. The mail header had so many sender address doamins, and ironically the spoofed sender mail Id was named after donald trump. The sender mail Id had the domain @whitehouse.gov, but the mail server from which the mail has been sent was actually from a unomaha.edu and not @whitehouse.gov. The mail had a link which is asked to accessed for getting an opportunity to work with the government for the cybersecurity projects. But when hovered over the link address the details of the link pooped up at the corner of the screen, it was redirected to some other website other than the government sourced website.
The mail had an unclear message as MAKE CYBERSECURITY GREAT AGAIN. This header was analyzed using Google admin toolbox and MX tool box. The results of the analysis indicated that the message was from a mailicious source and the mail Id was spoofed.
The results showed, PHP scripted Mail Id which indicates the Id was spoofed. The actual server of the sender was unomaha.edu but was portrayed as @whitehouse.gov. The IP address was shown to be loacted in the University of the Nebrasaka Omaha. 
During the authenticate checks in the MX tool box header analysis, it was observed that the domains were not authenticated, and the mail message was not digitally signed. There was no DMARC policy so the verification of the servers' legitimacy cannot be conducted. The message Id in the analysis result was showing the server domain as some university mail. The message delivery was fast but was not authenticated. The content and sender mismatch concludes that the mail was a phishing mail and is malicious. Thus, the e-mail header analysis was conducted and the red flags in the phishing e-mail were identified and noted down.
